Hey, how about what?
Have you got the occupancy agreement?
Yeah, where's the deal?
Take it out and show it to us
Grandpa, I got kicked out
The agreement was not received.
What's the matter?
Didn't you mention my name?
No mention of Bai Su Zhen
I mentioned it all
It's not like smoke.
Can't hear anything
I was kicked out before I could finish my sentence
He also said not to do such small tricks in the back
Forget it, go back
The shy Su family does not have this blessing
Hey, old man, old man
The dorms were chased out by praying mantises
Don't be afraid of things, you are fully poisoned
Do you see any other advantages in our late autumn?
It's impossible to be fully prepared.
Do you want me to try?
You stinky beggar
Where is the bag you are talking about here?
Yeah, get out of here, don't be embarrassed here
Now it's you, the broom star.
Just brought the US shipment to us and walked back
Or forget it
The Su Group is still too weak
There is no chance to settle in Wancheng at all
What are you talking about? We're here.
How do you know if you don't try it?
But no but
All you have to do now is one thing
Go in and negotiate the settlement agreement
Then we take the residency agreement
Come and beat those bastards hard
Do you really believe me?
Even if the whole world doesn't believe you, I will believe you
Ok I will go
up